README.md, before:

[//]: # (**README Improved By ODYSS3EUS**)
[//]: # (Never Underestimate Presentation)

<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Slimakoi/Amino.py"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/icons/715911730550800514/8b577d0f9d38614422601a71e91b866d.png?size=512" alt="Amino.py" width="200"></a>
  <br>
  Amino.py
  <br>
</h1>


#### What Is This?
Amino.py Is A Python API For Communicating With Amino Servers Whilst Pretending That You're An App User. This Is Mostly Accomplished By Spoofing Device Configuration Headers. It Is Also For Objectifying And Organizing Amino Response Data, So That Actually Doing Anything Is Easier.

### API Reference
Read The Docs: [Link Here](https://aminopy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

#### How do I use this?
You'll Need Python 3 To Use This Library, I Recommend Using Python 3.6 Or Earlier.
To Install It Just Open The Command Line And Type This Command `python3 -m pip install Amino.py`
- **NOTE:** MAKE SURE YOU TYPE `Amino.py` **NOT** `Amino` AS IT WILL INSTALL THE **WRONG** PACKAGE!

#### Pip Not Working?
0. Make Sure Pip Is Installed See: [How To Set-Up Pip](https://nitratine.net/blog/post/how-to-setup-pythons-pip/) 
1. Alternatively Download The API [HERE](https://github.com/Slimakoi/Amino.py/archive/refs/heads/master.zip)
2. Extract The .zip File Either With [Winrar](https://www.win-rar.com/download.html?&L=0) or [7zip](https://www.7-zip.org/download.html)
3. Open The Extracted Folder In An [IDE](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) Of Your Choosing
And Navigate To The Folder Named `Amino.py-master`
4. Select The Python Interpreter
5. Make A New `*.py` File And Start Creating 

[//]: # (*Verbose Instructions For Those Who Want To Start Programming But Don't Know How.)

#### If You Have Any Questions Join Us On Discord

[![DiscordButton](https://bit.ly/32neyjM)](https://rebrand.ly/slimakoi-and-friends)

Commit message:

Update and correct README.md
I've collaborated with okok to fix some of the grammar and information within the readme, such as moving the API reference after the pip install and changing some of the wording of the non-pip one and increasing the suggested Python version to 3.8 (where isAlive has not been changed yet).

README.md, after:


[//]: # (**README Improved By ODYSS3EUS**)
[//]: # (Never Underestimate Presentation)
[//]: # (Mae: Professionals have standards)
<h1 align="center">
  <br>
  <a href="https://github.com/Slimakoi/Amino.py"><img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/icons/715911730550800514/8b577d0f9d38614422601a71e91b866d.png?size=512" alt="Amino.py" width="200"></a>
  <br>
  Amino.py
  <br>
</h1>


#### What is this?
Amino.py is a Python API for communicating with Amino's Servers while pretending that you're an App User. This is mostly accomplished by spoofing Device Configuration Headers, while objectifying and organizing Amino Response Data, so that actually doing anything is easier.


#### How do I use this?
Python 3.8 is the recommended version for Amino.py, only supports Python 3.x.
To install Amino.py, run `python3 -m pip install amino.py`.
- **NOTE:** MAKE SURE YOU TYPE `amino.py` **NOT** `amino` AS IT WILL INSTALL THE **WRONG** PACKAGE!

### API Reference
[Read the Docs Link](https://aminopy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

#### Alternative Installation (Not recommended)
0. Make sure pip is installed see: [How to setup pip](https://nitratine.net/blog/post/how-to-setup-pythons-pip/) 
1. Alternatively download the API from GitHub [here](https://github.com/Slimakoi/Amino.py/archive/refs/heads/master.zip)
2. Extract the .zip file either with [WinRAR](https://www.win-rar.com/download.html?&L=0) or [7-Zip](https://www.7-zip.org/download.html)
3. Open the extracted folder in an IDE of your choice, and navigate to the folder named `Amino.py-master`
4. Select the Python Interpreter
5. Make a new `*.py` file and start coding

[//]: # (*Verbose Instructions For Those Who Want To Start Programming But Don't Know How.)
[//]: # (Mae: Who knows their stuff will do how to do this and who doesn't won't need this. Consider replacing this section entirely.)

#### If you have any questions, join us on Discord!

[![DiscordButton](https://bit.ly/32neyjM)](https://rebrand.ly/slimakoi-and-friends)
